======================================================================

WAITING FOR:


======================================================================

WHEN MOVING SITE TO NEW SERVER:

  Recreate log directory.

  chown charman config/environment.rb

  Create config/deliver_email file.

  Copy httpd.conf redirects  


======================================================================

THIS COMMIT:

Modified the event_helper.rb:format_contact_info to print the URL
address along with the rest of an entry's contact info (person,
phone_Number, email).

Modified the application.rb:obfuscate_email_with_javascript function
to no longer print any whitespace after the email address.

======================================================================

TODO:

@ UserMailer model
  - email entries when they are edited

@ Modify CSS so that formatting for new entries doesn't affect the
formatting of old entries

@ cron job to dump database tables

@ Ken's suggestions
  - allow people to list themselves as the contact person for an Entry
    - AJAX to add non-editable text indicating attached Person info

@ Entry listings
  - OrganizationEntry model
    - additional fields
      - dance repertory company
      - commercial business
      - not-for-profit business
      - regional group
      - web group/presence
      ...
    - functional testing
  - JamEntry model
    - functional testing
  - PersonEntry model
    - additional fields
      ...
    - functional testing
  - WebsiteEntry model
    - how to handle websites for an entire country? (e.g. no city name)
  - modify /admin/user/show to list all types of Entries for a user
  ~~~
  - CompanyEntry model
    - list view
    - functional testing
  - StudioEntry model
    - list view
    - functional testing

@ Privacy policy explaining what we will do with your email
  - no commercial emails
  - will email you about major changes to the site
  - will email you to confirm that your listing is up to date
    - if you're the contact person and we can't reach you, we may
       expire your listing

@ UI/text tweaks
  - change color of error messages
    ...

-- 

@ On /user/request_account page, if someone already has an account
with the listed email address, change error message to be less
confusing

@ Update HTML
  - run W3C link checker on the site
  - standardize DOCTYPE (to what? HTML/XHMTL/transitional/strict?)
  - fix titles

@ Fix the way pages look in IE7 (and IE6?) 
  - should be space between text in 'announcements' boxes and left
     margin

@ Create Google sitemap

@ Google search box for site

@ email obfuscation script:
    http://www.projecthoneypot.org/how_to_avoid_spambots_3.php

@ Cache Entry list pages (/entries/list and /home/index)

--

@ If someone goes to /#{entry_type}/edit instead of
/#{entry_type}/edit/ID, display a page listing all of the events that
they can edit for that type of entry

@ How to write automated tests that check if caching is working?

@ Refactor auto-complete location actions to separate controllers

@ Update 404/500 error pages

@ RSS feeds

@ Entry listings
  - validation function for "has at least one of these models"

@ Refactor 'auto_complete_with_params_prefix' into a plugin

@ Send email when rejecting a user account request

@ Copy/adapt:
  - models
    - Entry
    - Entity

@ Add FourOhFour model/controller


==[ LOG ]=============================================================

----[ day, January , 2009 ]--------------------------------------


----[ Saturday, January 24, 2009 ]------------------------------------

@ Fixed a bug in my caching code were the cache wasn't being flushed
when modifying a non-US entry.

Since memcached is not flushed when Rails is restarted, had to restart
memcached on my laptop using:

  launchctl unload /Library/LaunchDaemons/org.macports.memcached.plist
  launchctl load /Library/LaunchDaemons/org.macports.memcached.plist


----[ Tuesday, January 20, 2009 ]-------------------------------------

@ Installed memcached on my MacBook Pro using:

  # port install memcached

which installed the program and gave the following error message:

  ###########################################################
  # A startup item has been generated that will aid in
  # starting memcached with launchd. It is disabled
  # by default. Execute the following command to start it,
  # and to cause it to launch at startup:
  #
  # sudo launchctl load -w
  # /Library/LaunchDaemons/org.macports.memcached.plist
  ###########################################################

Ran the command to have memcached start with launchd.

Installed the memcache-client gem:

  # gem install memcache-client

Changed the cache_store line in config/environment.rb to:

  ActionController::Base.cache_store = :mem_cache_store

Then modified config/environments/development.rb to enable caching for
the development environment:

  config.action_controller.perform_caching             = true


----[ Saturday, January 17, 2009 ]------------------------------------

@ Checked the contactimprov.net SPF record using:

  http://www.kitterman.com/spf/validate.html


----[ Thursday, January 15, 2009 ]------------------------------------

@ THE BIG SERVER SWITCH!

ContactImprov.net goes live on my server.


----[ Sunday, January 4, 2009 ]---------------------------------------

@ Installed the sanitize gem on my laptop.


----[ Saturday, January 3, 2009 ]-------------------------------------

@ Downloaded ContactImprov.net website using SiteSucker:

  http://www.sitesucker.us/home.html

@ Tried deploying the application to craigharman.net.

Updated rubygems from 1.2.0 to 1.3.1.

While running 'gem update', also updated Passenger from 2.0.5 to
2.0.6.  Ran the program:

  passenger-install-apache2-module

to compile a new Apache module for Passenger.  Updated httpd.conf.
Stopped Apache, then started it.

I try to access the website, but get a Passenger error page with the
error message:

  No such file or directory - /nonexistent

Found this post clamining that the error message was caused by a bugy
in RubyGems 1.3:

  http://groups.google.com/group/phusion-passenger/browse_thread/thread/dbb6711f24471527

The solution is apparently to make certain that environment.rb is now
owned by 'nobody' or 'root'.

Changed the owner of config/environment.rb to 'charman'.  I was then
able to access static pages, but got blank pages when trying to access
Rails actions, with this error message in the Apache logs:

  Error during failsafe response: Broken pipe
  (originally Broken pipe)
  [Sat Jan 03 21:36:46 2009] [error] [client 67.240.191.112] Premature end of script headers: 

I deleted the existing log files, and Rails then created new ones -
this time, owned by 'charman'.



----[ Tuesday, December 16, 2008 ]------------------------------------

@ Created Rails project, imported into Subversion.

@ I want to share some code between the ci_rails and cq_rails
projects.

I looked at the documentation for svn:externals:

  http://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.5/svn.advanced.externals.html

and then issued the following command:

  svn propedit svn:externals vendor/plugins

which opened up a text editor, where I added this line:

  acts_as_state_machine https://craigharman.net/svn/cq_rails/vendor/plugins/acts_as_state_machine

Subversion 1.5 supports a different syntax for svn:externals
properties, but Leopard still ships with Subversion 1.4, so I'm
currently sticking with the older syntax.

@ Took a quick look around for Rails date/time pickers.  There is an
amazing one hosted here:

  http://code.google.com/p/calendardateselect/

which can be installed using:

  gem install calendar_date_select


